docs: add info about caching and describe useVisitorData hook (#19)
fingerprintjs/fingerprintjs-pro-react: README.md

See the full code example in the [examples folder](https://github.com/fingerprintjs/fingerprintjs-pro-react/tree/main/examples/spa).

## Caching strategy

> :warning: **WARNING** If you use data from `extendedResult`, please pay additional attention to caching strategy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:warning: **WARNING** If you use data from `extendedResult`, please pay additional attention to caching strategy.
```

> FingerprintJS Pro uses API calls as the basis for billing. Our [best practices](https://dev.fingerprintjs.com/docs/caching-visitor-information) strongly recommend using cache for saving your money. Library use `SessionStorage` cache strategy by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FingerprintJS Pro uses API calls as the basis for billing. Our [best practices](https://dev.fingerprintjs.com/docs/caching-visitor-information) strongly recommend using cache to optimise API calls rate. The Library uses the SessionStorage cache strategy by default.
```

> But if you need some [`extendedResult`](https://dev.fingerprintjs.com/docs/js-agent#extendedresult) fields that can change, like `ip` or `lastSeenAt` it is better to pass `ignoreCache=true` inside [`getData`](#returned-object) function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some fields from the [extendedResult](https://dev.fingerprintjs.com/docs/js-agent#extendedresult) (e.g `ip` or `lastSeenAt`) might change for the same visitor. If you need exact current data, it is recommended to pass `ignoreCache=true` inside [getData](#returned-object) function.
```

`useVisitorData(getOptions, config)`

`useVisitorData` hook performs identification requests with the FingerprintJS Pro API. The returned object contains information about loading status, errors, and [visitor](https://dev.fingerprintjs.com/docs/js-agent#extendedresultac).

#### Params
- `getOptions: GetOptions<TExtended>` parameter follows parameters of the FingerprintJS Pro's [`get` function](https://dev.fingerprintjs.com/docs/js-agent#parameters-reference).
- `config: UseVisitorDataConfig`'s property `immediate` determines whether the `getData()` method will be called immediately after the hook mounts or not.

#### Returned object
- `getData: (ignoreCache: boolean) => Promise<VisitorData>` Performs identification request to server and returns visitors data. When it is called, a FingerprintJS server will send a [webhook request](https://dev.fingerprintjs.com/docs/webhooks) to your server.
- `isLoading: boolean` Indicates `getData` request status

> - `data: VisitorData` Contains visitors data requested after after `getData()` call

Reviewer 2: You have duplicate "after" here 😁

`useVisitorData(getOptions, config)`

`useVisitorData` hook performs identification requests with the FingerprintJS Pro API. The returned object contains information about loading status, errors, and [visitor](https://dev.fingerprintjs.com/docs/js-agent#extendedresultac).

#### Params
- `getOptions: GetOptions<TExtended>` parameter follows parameters of the FingerprintJS Pro's [`get` function](https://dev.fingerprintjs.com/docs/js-agent#parameters-reference).
- `config: UseVisitorDataConfig`'s property `immediate` determines whether the `getData()` method will be called immediately after the hook mounts or not.

#### Returned object

> - `getData: (ignoreCache: boolean) => Promise<VisitorData>` Performs identification request to server and returns visitors data. When it is called, a FingerprintJS server will send a [webhook request](https://dev.fingerprintjs.com/docs/webhooks) to your server.

Reviewer: I'd remove the sentence about webhooks.

> - `isLoading: boolean` Indicates `getData` request status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `isLoading: boolean` Indicates `getData` request status.
```

> - `data: VisitorData` Contains visitors data requested after after `getData()` call

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `data: VisitorData` Contains visitors data requested after `getData()` call.
```

> - `error: Error` Error information in case of failed request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `error: Error` Error information in case the request failed.
```
